Update BPG xref description (#3373)
owncloud/docs: docs/best-practices.md

Reference: [`Cross Reference`](https://asciidoctor.org/docs/user-manual/#xref)

In a nutshell, an internal link called `Cross Reference` can link to
- a in-page reference
- a documentation file
- a section title or anchor name inside a documentation file

All content you want to reference **must be** inside the directory structure of `modules/`.

An `xref` is usually written in the following example style:  <br/>
`xref:module_name:<path>/file.adoc#section[Printed Name]`

Where `module_name:`, `#section` and `[Printed Name]` are optional components.
`module_name:` is mandatory when referenced content is not in the same module.
`<path>` is the relative path via the module name to your referenced file.

You can reference a section or an anchor inside the same file, another file - even in another module.

> Section titles create automatically references, where the text is converted to lower characters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Section titles automatically create references, where the text is converted to lower characters
```

and all special characters including an underscore are converted to a dash (`-`) 

You can create anchors anywhere in the page manually by writing `[anchor-name]`. This anchor can be referenced with xref.

- This example references a section title inside the same document: <br/>
`xref:section-title[FAQ]`

- This example references another file and a particular section title: <br/>
`xref:configuration/server/occ_command.adoc#apps-commands[the Market app]`

> - This example references another file in an other module and a particular section title: <br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This example references another file in another module and a particular section title: <br/>
```

Reference: [`Cross Reference`](https://asciidoctor.org/docs/user-manual/#xref)

In a nutshell, an internal link called `Cross Reference` can link to
- a in-page reference
- a documentation file

> - a section-title or anchor-name inside a documentation file

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- a section-title or anchor-name inside a documentation file
```
- a section title or anchor name inside a documentation file

> All referencable content **must be** inside the directory structure of `modules/`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All referencable content **must be** inside the directory structure of `modules/`.
```
All linkable content **must be** inside the directory structure of `modules/`.

> An `xref` is generally written in following example style:  <br/>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An `xref` is usually written in the following example style:  <br/>
```

`xref:module_name:<path>/file.adoc#section[Printed Name]`

Where `module_name:`, `#section` and `[Printed Name]` are optional components.
`module_name:` is mandatory when referenced content is not in the same module.

> `<path>` is the relative path past the module name to your referenced file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`<path>` is the relative path via the module name to your referenced file.
```

You can reference a section or an anchor inside the same file, another file - even in another module.
Section titles create automatically references, where the text is converted to lower characters
and all special characters including an underscore are converted to a dash (`-`) 

> You can create anchors anywhre in the page manually by writing `[anchor-name]`. This anchor is furter accessible with xref.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can create anchors anywhere in the page manually by writing `[anchor-name]`. This anchor can be referenced with xref.
```

> - This example references to a section title inside the same document: <br/>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- This example references a section title inside the same document: <br/>
```

`xref:section-title[FAQ]`

> - This example references to another file and a particular section title: <br/>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- This example references another file and a particular section title: <br/>
```

`xref:configuration/server/occ_command.adoc#apps-commands[the Market app]`

> - This example references to another file in an other module and a particular section title: <br/>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- This example references another file in an other module and a particular section title: <br/>
```

`xref:admin_manual:configuration/server/occ_command.adoc#apps-commands[the Market app]`

> **Strongly** in favour of this where relevant, using a ToC ([Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)) instead of a list of xref´s.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Strongly** In general it's advisable to use a ToC ([Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)) instead of a list of xref´s.
```

> **Note:** use a broken link checker regularly, to find brocken links to section-titles or anchors.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note:** Use a broken link checker regularly to find broken links to section-titles or anchors.
```

> If an anchor link is broken, a build will not report an error, as the page itself is accessible.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If an anchor link is broken, a build will not report an error as the page itself is accessible.
```
